So let's open our sign in and sign up component let's import our new sign up component into this component
components.
Sign up.
Sign up component and then let's just place it underneath our sign.
Now in order for our component to sit side by side we need to apply some styles so let's go to our style
sheet.
And let's do sign in and sign up.
CLASS WITH THE STYLE WHERE THE WIDTH IS EIGHT HUNDRED AND FIFTY pixels and then we want to display a
flex and we want to justify content space between
and then we want to also make it so that our margin on the left and the right is automatic.
So we'll do a margin top and bottom of let's say 30 pixels for now.
And then auto.
Now if we save we go back to our component we see that we have our sign in and sign up now.
Now let's actually see if we're actually saving this user profile the way that we expect it to.
Let's go to our app G.S. and let's just console dot log the state whenever it changes
and now let's open up our terminal so we currently have a user.
Right.
We have our current user which is set to this well and then we have a user being set.
We might have accidentally did this.
Oh we've got to change this current user it's a little mistake we made earlier.
OK.
So now our current user is set because we are signed in.
So let's sign up.
Let's refresh and now let's create our new account so I'm going to use let's say just a random account.
It doesn't actually matter what's wrong value display name.
I'm going to call me Mike.
I'm going to use Michael gmail dot com password will be one two three four one two three four.
And then one two three four.
Now let's see if we try it right.
If we have the wrong password we'll get the alert that says passwords don't match which is what we want.
So one two three four four correct password.
And now if we hit sign up get a 400 off operation not allowed.
We did not enable email and password in our authentication.
So just as we did earlier with the Google sign in we've got to do the same thing with our e-mail and
password.
So here we just have to enable it and we just hit save email link password list will actually send an
email to that email that they provide.
And then if you click confirm it will automatically authenticate them.
But we don't want that.
So let's try and
and there we go it fired a couple of times.
Right.
But there is our current user object created app.
They use a different timestamp than are created a data object right.
But there we go display name email and then the I.D..
And now if we look inside of our database.
Right.
If we look in our off let's all look at our database in our off we see that we have this Michael user
where the provider they signed in with was the email.
But if we check our database we'll see that we now have a third user which is the one that we just made
right here let's just delete this user that we wrote manually and we can do this by hitting right here
delay document this is for the user that we manually created and now we have two users one created by
our email and password and one created by Google.
Now let's commit our code before we finally implement sign in with email and password.
Now let's check its status.
OK.
Let's get add all our stuff and we'll write a comment message that says implemented firebase utilize
included ability to store authenticated users into our fire store database that will push this up to
master and continue with the next lesson.